[core] Batch small changes (#22314)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/accordion/accordion.md

<p class="description">Accordions contain creation flows and allow lightweight editing of an element.</p>

> An accordion is a lightweight container that may either standalone or be connected to a larger surface, such as a card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An accordion is a lightweight container that may either stand alone or be connected to a larger surface, such as a card.
```
